[Dx-777] Refactor Golang Plugins Page To Remove The Tabs (#3550)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/plugins/supported-languages/golang.md

## Plugin development flow

Initialising the gateway has slightly changed over time. 
In this section, you will find instructions for initializing the gateway for different versions of Tyk Gateway, before v5.1 and 5.1 onwards. Please ensure that you follow the correct section based on your Gateway version. The general steps for initialising plugins can be summarised as follows:

1. Create a new folder.
2. Initialise a Go module for your plugin from within the new folder.
3. Determine the commit hash for the Tyk Gateway version that will be used to build the plugin. Commit hashes can be found for tagged [Gateway releases](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/tags).

### Initialise plugin for Gateway v5.1 and above (v5.1+)

**If you are using Gateway version 5.1 or higher, please follow the steps outlined in this section. These instructions are tailored to the latest Gateway software.**

> In Gateway version 5.1, the Gateway and plugins transitioned to using a [Go modules](https://go.dev/ref/mod#introduction) build and don't use [Go vendor](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kardianos/govendor) anymore. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Gateway version 5.1, the Gateway and plugins transitioned to using [Go modules builds](https://go.dev/ref/mod#introduction) and don't use [Go mod vendor](https://go.dev/ref/mod#go-mod-vendor) anymore. 
```

The example below shows the set of commands for initialising a plugin for compatibility with Tyk Gateway 5.1.2.

```console
mkdir tyk-plugin
cd tyk-plugin
go mod init tyk-plugin
go get github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk@ffa83a27d3bf793aa27e5f6e4c7106106286699d
go mod tidy
```

In the example above notice that the commit hash was used for [Tyk Gateway 5.1.2](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/releases?q=5.1.2&expanded=true)

### Initialise plugin for Gateway versions earlier than 5.1

> For Gateway versions earlier than 5.1 the Go [vendor](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kardianos/govendor) tool is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Gateway versions earlier than 5.1 using the [go mod vendor](https://go.dev/ref/mod#go-mod-vendor) tool is required.
```

#### Example 5.0.3

The example below shows how to initialise a Golang plugin module for compiling with Tyk Gateway 5.0.3.

```console
mkdir tyk-plugin
cd tyk-plugin
go mod init tyk-plugin
go get github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk@54e1072a6a9918e29606edf6b60def437b273d0a
go mod tidy
go mod vendor
```

#### Example < 4.2

> Tyk Gateway versions < 4.2 have a dependency on *graphql-go-tools*. An alias needs to be configured to associate imports of *github.com/TykTechnologies/graphql-go-tools* with *github.com/jensneuse/graphql-go-tools*. To determine the dependency version open the *go.sum* file in the associated release branch of the [Gateway repository](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk). For example, for Tyk Gateway v4.0.3, the dependency version for *graphql-go-tools* is *v1.6.2-0.20220426094453-0cc35471c1ca*. This can be found by inspecting the contents of *go.sum* in the *release-4.0.3* branch.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk Gateway versions < 4.2 have a dependency on *graphql-go-tools*. An alias needs to be configured to associate imports of *github.com/TykTechnologies/graphql-go-tools* with *github.com/jensneuse/graphql-go-tools*. To determine the dependency version open the *go.sum* file in the associated release branch of the [Gateway repository](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk). For example, for Tyk Gateway v4.0.3, the dependency version for *graphql-go-tools* is *v1.6.2-0.20220426094453-0cc35471c1ca*. This can be found by inspecting the contents of *go.mod* in the *release-4.0.3* branch.  
```

> Tyk Gateway versions < 4.2 have a dependency on *graphql-go-tools*. An alias needs to be configured to associate imports of *github.com/TykTechnologies/graphql-go-tools* with *github.com/jensneuse/graphql-go-tools*. To determine the dependency version open the *go.sum* file in the associated release branch of the [Gateway repository](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk). For example, for Tyk Gateway v4.0.3, the dependency version for *graphql-go-tools* is *v1.6.2-0.20220426094453-0cc35471c1ca*. This can be found by inspecting the contents of *go.sum* in the *release-4.0.3* branch.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk Gateway versions < 4.2 have a dependency on *graphql-go-tools*. An alias needs to be configured to associate imports of *github.com/TykTechnologies/graphql-go-tools* with *github.com/jensneuse/graphql-go-tools*. To determine the dependency version open the *go.mod* file in the associated release branch of the [Gateway repository](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk). For example, for Tyk Gateway v4.0.3, the dependency version for *graphql-go-tools* is *v1.6.2-0.20220426094453-0cc35471c1ca*. This can be found by inspecting the contents of *go.mod* in the *release-4.0.3* branch, particularly the `replace` statements within.  
```
